command/AddRelationshipCommand.java
 command.AddRelationshipCommand
command/RemoveFieldCommand.java
 command.RemoveFieldCommand
view/Console.java
 view.Console
command/RemoveParameterCommand.java
 command.RemoveParameterCommand
command/ChangeMethodVisibilityCommand.java
 command.ChangeMethodVisibilityCommand
command/LoadProjectCommand.java
 command.LoadProjectCommand
command/RenameFieldCommand.java
 command.RenameFieldCommand
controller/WorkingProjectEditor.java
 controller.WorkingProjectEditor
command/RemoveClassCommand.java
 command.RemoveClassCommand
view/GUIStartScreen.java
 view.GUIStartScreen
 view.GUIStartScreen$ButtonClickListener
controller/FieldClick.java
 controller.FieldClick
command/CloseClassCommand.java
 command.CloseClassCommand
controller/ClassClick.java
 controller.ClassClick
command/ChangeFieldTypeCommand.java
 command.ChangeFieldTypeCommand
command/RemoveMethodCommand.java
 command.RemoveMethodCommand
model/Method.java
 model.Method
model/WorkingProject.java
 model.WorkingProject
command/RenameMethodCommand.java
 command.RenameMethodCommand
command/Command.java
 command.Command
controller/UMLConsoleController.java
 controller.UMLConsoleController
command/ChangeFieldVisibilityCommand.java
 command.ChangeFieldVisibilityCommand
command/ChangeParameterTypeCommand.java
 command.ChangeParameterTypeCommand
view/Observer.java
 view.Observer
command/OpenClassCommand.java
 command.OpenClassCommand
model/Field.java
 model.Field
controller/FileButtonClick.java
 controller.FileButtonClick
controller/HelperControllers.java
 controller.HelperControllers
controller/RelationshipClick.java
 controller.RelationshipClick
view/MenuViews.java
 view.MenuViews
command/ChangeRelationshipTypeCommand.java
 command.ChangeRelationshipTypeCommand
command/ChangeMethodTypeCommand.java
 command.ChangeMethodTypeCommand
command/RenameParameterCommand.java
 command.RenameParameterCommand
model/ClassObject.java
 model.ClassObject
 model.ClassObject$visibility
model/FormalDeclaration.java
 model.FormalDeclaration
model/Relationship.java
 model.Relationship
 model.Relationship$relationshipType
view/GUIViews.java
 view.GUIViews
model/Parameter.java
 model.Parameter
command/AddParameterCommand.java
 command.AddParameterCommand
command/AddFieldCommand.java
 command.AddFieldCommand
view/GUIEditor.java
 view.GUIEditor
command/RemoveRelationshipCommand.java
 command.RemoveRelationshipCommand
command/RenameClassCommand.java
 command.RenameClassCommand
command/AddClassCommand.java
 command.AddClassCommand
command/AddMethodCommand.java
 command.AddMethodCommand
